Update ev3.rst (#1681)
ev3dev/ev3dev: docs/platforms/ev3.rst

EV3 is a programmable LEGO brick produced by `LEGO <http://lego.com/>`_.

> The EV3 has 64MB RAM and the processor is a TI Sitara AM1808 with 300 MHz.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The EV3 has 64MB RAM and the processor is a TI Sitara AM1808 running at 300 MHz.
```

> It has 16 MB Flash memory with a microSDHC Slot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It has 16 MB Flash memory and a microSDHC card slot for additional storage.
```
